# 2017-01-05

STATUS: AGENDA

NOTE: *Italics* signifies the status of an action or in the case of agenda items actions associated with the item at the end of the last board meeting.

Present:

## 1. Approve minutes for last meeting
## 2. Departmental updates

### Purchasing - BD/CH

- *BC - Get Trello to email consumables@hacman.org.uk when things are added to the list && set up buythis@hacman.org.uk as a way of adding things to the Trello list.*

### Infrastructure - BC/BD/TK
### Website - KR
### Membership - KR

## 4. Update on actions/discussions from last meeting
NEED TO APPLY SMART GOALS TO THESE

### Document how things work - all
### propaganda

- *Bookmarks - BC to talk to previous designer.*

### Funding
- *Corporate sponsorship - discuss options*
- *Look at funding opportunities - TK*
- *[B&Q in the Community (Community Reuse)](http://www.diy.com/corporate/community/) - CH*

### Chem cabinet - all

*Get for Space 3.0 - need walls first*

### Risk assessments - all

*To be done next:*

Remaining on the list:
- angle grinder
- chop saw
- table saw
- pillar drills
- scroll saw
- air tools

### Bank accounts - BC/TK

- *talk to members who are paying by standing order and get them to transfer their payments to the new account* - NOT COMPLETED BC DOING
- *transfer PayPal to the new account once it has money going into it* BC to action
- *transfer PayPal to a useable email address and bring into use* - BC
- *BC setting up Barclays scrape thing that London Hackspace have written to automate standing order payments for membership and dump info into Wave every night* - not done
- *TK writing letter to Co-op to update addresses*

Should we do a current account transfer on the Co-op account?

### Wiki pages for tools

ACTION:

- *CH to create stub pages for tools that don't have proper pages* STARTED
- *someone to create a "pages that need work" page on the wiki to guide people to places where we need to improve tool documentation.* STARTED

### Group memberships (to allow external groups to use our space) - CH

Everyone needs to have read: [Group Membership Policy](https://hackpad.com/Group-Membership-Policy-TbSg4MiOlI7) prior to the meeting.

### "Gold Members"

### Roadmap for the hackspace

## 5. The actual agenda

### Expenses Policy (time limit / amount needed for board OK within / outside of budgets)

### Consumables/PPE policy (amount that can be spent in one go without the board saying OK, budget available per month)

### Teams - implementation

### Roles - Are people happy with their roles at the moment on the board and do they want to switch it up / take on more roles

### Events organiser - preferably not a board members

### Accounts

### 2017 plan - what we should be aiming for space / membership wise in 6 months, 12 months etc.

### Meeting schedule - proposed schedule physical meeting quarterly, standups monthly

NOTES FROM STANDUP:

Tamarisk, [6 Oct 2016, 20:50]:
Can we have a physical meeting each quarter please?

Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:50]:
Yeah we discussed that last meeting, and set a date i thought?

Chris Hilliard, [6 Oct 2016, 20:51]:
No date

agreed to quaterly though

### Members system Update

Team MCP currently working on this. It needs BC/TK to spend some time hacking on it.

### Directors - inc Kimball as non-exec

### Rule Zero - the expansion pack (including lone worker policy)

Everyone should have read [Health and Safety rules](https://hackpad.com/Safety-in-the-Workspace-md61aaC2ugz)

- *We need posters in the space that let people know that if they use a tool they can seriously injure themselves with when they are on their own in the space they are breaking the terms of the insurance and hackspaces H&S Policy.* NOT YET DONE

### Insurance - we don't have any. This is bad.

## 6. AOB

Standups

Kitchen Area

Increacing membership
